VMDP doc set (#111284)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-vmdp-configuration.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmdp/oadp-vmdp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="oadp-vmdp-configuration_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} VMDP configuration

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the environment variables and file locations for the {oadp-short} VM data protection (VMDP) CLI. This helps you to configure credentials, logging, and behavioral settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the environment variables and file locations for the {oadp-full} virtual machine data protection (VMDP) command-line interface (CLI). This helps you to configure credentials, logging, and behavioral settings.
```

244 characters

== Environment variables

.Credential environment variables
[cols="1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Variable |Description

|`BSLS_PASSWORD`
|BSL encryption password. Set this variable to avoid interactive prompts.

|`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
|Access key for S3 storage.

|`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
|Secret key for S3 storage.

|`AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`
|Session token for temporary credentials.
|===

.Configuration environment variables
[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Variable |Description |Default

|`OADP_CONFIG_PATH`

> |Path to the configuration file.

Reviewer: Ah this just occurred to me - this is not a complete sentence so I'd remove the period.

Applicable to other rows in the same table and some other tables (such as "File system storage options", "Logging environment variables").

Author: done. here and elsewhere in this file.

|`~/.config/oadp/repository.config`

|`OADP_CACHE_DIRECTORY`
|Path to the cache directory.

> |System dependent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|System-dependent
```
